So here's the tail from when I started
sewing in that first signature,
and then I have come back
and here's where I am now.
And I'm going to simply pull these tight,
make sure they're nice and tight along here,
and then I will tie a square knot here.
So that anchors the sewing at that point.
As I go up,
I will do simply a chain stitch here and here,
and this is actually called the kettle stitch.
The sewing stations at the beginning and the end,
that doesn't involve the sewing support,
and it basically chains or links
the sections together at the head
and the tail of the book.
So from here on in,
that's how I will connect each signature.